command.remap = Flag of remapping a Minecraft file
command.remap.source = Minecraft JAR file
command.remap.mapping = Obfuscate mapping
command.remap.output = Output file
command.remap.type = Mapping type
command.remap.server = Deobfuscate server
command.decompile = Flag of decompiling a Minecraft file
command.decompile.source = Input file
command.decompile.output = Output file
command.help = Get this help message

process.remap.start = Start remapping
process.remap.mapping = Loading mapping
process.remap.mapping.done = Mapping loaded
process.remap.server = Unzipping server core
process.remap.server.done = Server core unzipped
process.remap.inheritance = Loading inheritance
process.remap.inheritance.done = Inheritance loaded
process.remap.output = Creating output
process.remap.success = Remapping done

error.argument = Wrong arguments
error.mapping.format = Invalid mapping format
error.mapping.unsupported = Unsupported mapping type
error.remap.serverhash = Server hash mismatch, expected %s, but got %s